Goblin Assault I,2,Easy,25,A small pack of goblins has been raiding farmlands on the outskirts of town. Drive them off.,The goblin pack was scattered and extra defenses constructed.,The goblins overcame our defensive efforts and more towns have been lost.
Necromancer is Massing Forces,14,Extreme,25,A foul presence lurks in the Raven Wood. Villagers recount seeing the dead walk. Investigate their reports.,The reports were true. An evil magic was raising the dead for its own sinister purposes. He was turned to ash and his army put to rest.,The reports were true. A powerful and evil magic resides in that forest. We were no match and only by the grace of god did we escape with our lives.
Mercenary Wanted I,4,Medium,25,A local lord requests the assistance of a mercenary for undisclosed duties. Must be willing to get your hands dirty,The deed is done though some dirt can only wash away with time. I'll speak no more of what happened.,The task was beyond your skills. Best you keep your head down until the lord's rage has subsided.
Plague of Rats,2,Easy,25,The town is slowly being overrun by rats. The church is warning of plague and requesting donations to drive off the disease. Investigate further,The culprit was found to be Boris the baker throwing sacks of old bread and other goods into the back alley. The bread will now be donated to the homeless,After extensive research I've found nothing. Perhaps we should donate to the church?
Neighborly Confrontation,7,Hard,25,Day after day Inky (the neighbors cat) wakes the entire neighborhood with hisses and guttural meows. Resolve the issue, With neighborly grace I explained the situation to Inky's owner. He apologised and said Inky will sleep inside form now on., I knocked on Inky's owners door but an uncontrollable wave of anxiety came over me. I waited 3 seconds and concluded he wasn't home. 
Hunt for Food,2,Easy,25,Hunt boars and gather their meat.,Tell the town we'll be eating well tonight!,One of the buggers stuck me with his tusk. Have the cooks prepare a parsnip soup for tonight while I tend to my wounds.
Race to the City,14,Extreme,25,One of the townsfolk was assaulted by a pack of thugs and the local weed gatherer says they need the city hospice. Ride with all haste to the city.,I reached the city by nightfall with the man unconscious. The hospice staff are treating him as we speak and say he will fully recover., I rode through the night and was accosted by all manner of ghouls and night creatures. I fought them off but was slowed greatly. The wounded townsman is in the hands of the hospice now though their words don't bost confidence. We should all pray for his recovery.
Gather Ingredients I,4,Medium,25,The weather is beautiful. Perfect day to go and pick some mushrooms for dinner.,The wife was over the moon with my sack full of mushrooms. It was a beautiful day.,With a sack full of poisonous toadstools and covered in insect bites my wife threw me out of the house and cursed me for a fool. Not how I pictured the day going..
Tavern Brawl,7,Hard,25,A few mouthy drunks at the tavern want to throw down.,The drunkards wobbled as they approached. I assisted them to the ground with a crisp right left combination. The crowd settled down after my display.,The brawl kicked off and consumed the tavern. The last I remember was wrestling a large bearded fellow before I was hit over the back by another wielding a chair. Not a bad night.
Teach the Town Bullies a Lesson,4,Medium,25,The town bullies are hassling some smaller kids. Teach them a lesson.,Turns out their not so tough when It's someone their own size. Ran away with their tails between their legs.,Well.. I went to show them what's what but tripped and stumbled into a puddle. Little buggers ran off laughing. I'll get them next time.
Bandit Army I,2,Easy,25,Travelers are reporting more and more bandits on the roads. Travel the main thoroughfares to and from town and make and example of any unsavory characters you come across.,There was no shortage of bandits on the roads. Hiding in shrubberies and waiting for the cover of darkness to prey on unarmed travelers and merchants. Each i found was strung up as an example of where such a lifestyle leads. Perhaps it will give those who follow pause.,These bandits are skilled with the sword. I took a flesh wound my first night on the trail and was forced to return home.
Tournament I,7,Hard,25,It's time for the Town Fair yet again. This year there will be a tournament for the best fighters in our town.,I cruised through the early rounds and semi finals. In the final i faced the captain of the town gaur. Battle hardened and full of experience he gave me all i could handle. We traded blows intertwined with feints and counterfeits. We gave the crowd a mighty show and as my opponent began to tire I caught him with a ferocious blow to the liver sending him to his knees., I met my match in the finals coming up against the captain of the town guard. We put on a hell of a show but his endurance was too much for me and his relentless assault was too much for my fading defences.  
Orc Invasion III,14,Extreme,25,A giant hulking orc has amassed a warband the like of which has not been seen since the old times. They march toward the city by way of our settlement. We must hold them here.,With sword and arrow and bolts of etheric lightning did we cast the green abominations from our settlement. They assumed us to have retreated to the city. An underestimation they paid dearly for. For now they have retreated with the bulk of their forces and no doubt plan a future assault.,They came in endless numbers.. I saw their leader standing atop a giant boulder at the centre of the mass. An orc unlike any i've seen. Pale skin and twice the size of his comrades. He gave orders as our generals do. They fought not like orcs but like men. We have taken refuge within the city walls and prepare for their final assault.
Detective II,4,Medium,25,An arsonist has been setting fires to buildings and farmland. There is a reward for anyone who can bring him in.,A pyromaniac cultist was behind the burnings. The guard saw poetic justice enacted.,A cultist pyromancer is behind the burnings. He's powerful and raving mad. My attempt at capture was unfortunately thwarted. 
Explore Caves III,7,Hard,25,The undead cave should be explored. It's ancient rooms have been unexplored for centuries due to superstitious nonsense.,The cave is full of treasure. I believe there was once a civilisation housed in it. Ancient works of pottery and strange primitive machinery lay strewn about it's many rooms and halls. The odd skeleton wanders within the cave but nothing a skilled warrior such as myself has to worry about.,I believe there is a reason the cave system has gone unexplored for so long. A terrible infestation of ghouls skeletons and assorted undead creatures dwell there. Of treasure and valuables there is no doubt. Untold riches ripe for the taking. For any brave or foolish enough to face the dead that is.
Defend the Weak,4,Medium,25,One of the local townsfolk is being threatened by a wealthy lord in the city. Mira is with child by the lord. She says he has threatened to kill her should the truth come out.,I paid this lord a visit and he won't be bothering Mira again. Oh and he's generously sent a sack of gold for Mira to ensure the child is well looked after.,I confronted the lord and after some harsh words we came to blows. His guard rushed me before i could achieve anything of substance. I'll stand watch by Mira's house tonight should anyone think to pay her a visit.
Escort Ducks,2,Easy,25,A family of ducks is trying to cross a busy road to get to happy lake.,Conjuring terrifying and beautiful magics i froze all traffic in place and ushered the ducks to their destination., My presence scared the ducks off in the other direction. I hope they're ok.
Vampires,7,Hard,25,A coven of vampires have made their way to our village. The townsfolk are uneasy.,The vampire's intention upon observation seemed most sinister. They planned to drain our town of life before moving on to the next. During the day while they slept I put them all to the stake.,I have assurances that the coven are of a new age and only feed on wild animals. I hope my decision to let them be doesn't come back to bite us. 
Bug Hunt,2,Easy,25,Collect 50 dragon ant mandibles.,No matter how small the foe my blade will strike true. I delivered 50 dragon ant mandibles to the weed gatherer for her potion work.,Those dragon ants pack a hell of a sting!
Improve Mastery of Magic,4,Medium,25,Study under the wizard Ferris.,My mastery over the ether feels like a blazing fire where once it was a candle gasping for oxygen. Under the tutelage of Ferris doors i did not know existed become unlocked.,Ferris speaks in riddles. Perhaps in his old age he his mind grows dull. I've nothing to learn from the ramblings of an old fool. 