Green Dragon of Elms Hill,42,Extreme,150,The king demands the dragon of Elms Hill be vanquished. Bring any treasure the beast is protecting to the royal guard. It is the property of the king,Like a hero in a bard's tale I bested the great dragon. Fire and steel. determination and savagery. On Elms Hill did I slay the beast. Of the treasure I found none...,Take me to the weed gatherer. I'm in dire need of a salve for my burns. The dragon lives.
Deliver Supplies to Redtown,6,Easy,150,Deliver a cart of fabrics and grains to Redtown,Supplies delivered and payment received,The cart was ambushed on the road and the wares taken by bandits. Send word to Redtown.
Orcs Invasion I,12,Medium,150,Scouts have informed us we have 3 days until an army of orcs will be at the city gates. All men from surrounding towns are called upon to take up arms and defend your people.,Like a wave breaking against the shore we repelled the green tide again and again. The green barbarians fought with no coordination or obvious plan. The city is saved.,The orcs have breached the outer wall. Fall back to the inner defenses!
Demonic Cult,12,Medium,150,Rumors suggest there is a demonic cult formed in the underground of the city. Go to the capital and locate their headquarters and report to the city guard before they bring all hell upon us.,Less of a cult and more an unorganised rabbel of misfits. Their nest was located and the guard burned them out. Their screams haunt me.,The cultists network is more complex than we could ever have believed. They have hooks in almost every corner of the city. I've no clue as to the location of their headquarters. The king must be appraised of my findings.
Train the Town Guard,6,Easy,150,Seeking the services of a skilled warrior to help bolster the towns men-at-arms.,The town looks stronger than ever with men rivaling the skill of the city guard!,A craftsman requires malleable materials with which he can apply his tools. I can do nothing with these men. 
Escort Refugees,17,Hard,150,Summerdale was attacked by raiders in the night. Help escort the refugees to the safety of our walls.,All the refugees are safely settled in town. The council is organising further aid.,The raiders attacked again with overwhelming numbers while we were on the road. None of the refugees survived.
War with the Elves,42,Extreme,150,The King summons you to defend the realm of man the Elvish invaders.,Victory! The Elves will do well to not underestimate us again. We reminded them of the strength of man.,The Elvish assault continues. They have today but the strength of men will prevail.
Find New Lands,42,Extreme,150,Go to the edge of the map and find new fertile lands to settle.,Four weeks ride to the north west i found picturesque land perfect for turning to crops. A crystal clear lake lies on its edge with wild flowers and berry bushes aplenty.,Of prosperous lands with which to till I found none. The further one travels the further the light retreats. Colour washes from the land and demonic things walk in the night. Perhaps the map is all that exists. A lonely thought.
Altercation with a Mountain Troll,17,Hard,150,Walking through the mountains you come upon a mountain troll. It roars and charges straight for you.,Dodging wild blows and deluges of troll saliva I fought upon the mountainside. Inflicting wound after wound I weakened my foe until finally the damage became too much and it retreated to its cave., With one mighty swing of its club the giant troll sent me tumbling down the mountain side.
Take Back Captured Lands,17,Hard,150,Sail to recapture coastal towns from raiders.,All towns along the coast are back under the king's control. A selection of men were left to garrison each of them and start on upgrading defenses.,The raiders have dug in. They've constructed defenses that make assault impossible with our current forces.  
Find the Prince,12,Medium,150,The prince is missing and all those wishing to win favour with the king are out to return him safely.,I found the boy lost in the woods. Off hunting alone in an attempt to impress his father. I returned him safely and unharmed.,The boy does not wish to be found it would seem. Merchants at the docks claim they saw someone of a fitting description board a trading vessel 2 nights prior.
Bandit Army III,17,Hard,150,The bandits have named a king. He goes by Udgar and plans to unify the misfits of the realm and raise an army. Each day men rally to him.,I infiltrated Udgar's camp undetected and slit his throat while he slept. Undoubtedly his lieutenants have found his body by now. Their kingdom will fall to infighting and jostling for power.,Udgar is as the tales tell. A giant that towers over men. Battle hardened and sharp with a killer's edge. I infiltrated his camp but as I entered his tent he began to stir. We fought for a moment but it was clear I was outmatched even with the element of surprise on my side. Smashing a lamp to set his tent ablaze I made my escape. 
Goblin Assault III,17,Hard,150,Goblin sorcerers have got their hands on a terrible piece of ancient technology. Old magic infused with the cogs and steel of man made machinery. The demonic hulking steel walker could lay entire settlements to waste. Find a way to stop it.,The goblin sourcerers were controlling the metal titan. When they died the connection was severed and the magic infused steel work crashed to the ground in a confused and jumbled heap as though it had never walked at all., The titan tore through our men with ease. Some of them squashed and turned to paste beneath its rusted feet. We were unable to get close enough to the sorcerors without drawing the steel walkers gaze. 
Trading Wares,6,Easy,150,Man a trading vessel heading to the Rocky Isles.,Payment for the wares secured. Everything was smooth sailing!,We were accosted by pirates before reaching the Rocky Isles. They made off with our wares and coin.
Explore Caves II,12,Medium,150,Venture into sun cave and see if you can find anything of value.,The cave is abundant with precious stones and ores. We should send some workers in to collect the resources.,The cave is barren save a nest of savage plague bats. I'll need a tincture for these bites. 
Construct a New Town Hall,12,Medium,150,We're in need of a new town hall. The old building is in tatters and is no longer safe for use.,The townsfolk sure seem happy with my work. Quite an upgrade if I do say so myself. Think of all the events and festivals we will be able to run now., During the construction I cast a series of spells to expedite the work. Somehow I managed to open a rift to hell.. Not to worry though I got it closed up. Only superficial damage done to the surrounding buildings.
Messenger I,6,Easy,150,Deliver a message to Aralyn the weed gather of Redtown. A terrible sickness has come over some of our residents and Esther our local gather needs assistance in their treatment. Ride with all haste.,Aralyn is working with Esther as we speak. She's seen sickness like this before and is confident they can stem the spread of infection.,I was unable to persuade Aralyn to come. She's no one to stand in her stead in Redtown so will not help us. Let us hope Esther can overcome the disease by herself. 
Cyclops' Maze,12,Medium,150,Noone has ever made it out of the giant cyclops' maze. Only mad men dare enter. Towering hedges said to devour humans trying to cheat the labyrinth and fiendish creatures around every corner. At the end of the maze if you haven't been killed or gone insane there stands the giant cyclops guarding a singular exit.,Turn after turn. Left and right. Back and forth. The maze was formidable but unable to deny me its exit. I slayed any creatures defiant enough to stand in my way. At the end of it all I took the cyclopses head a prize.,All concept of time left me as I went deeper into the maze. Places i had seen before reappearing to taunt my attempts at escape. Paranoia set in as giggling creatures lashed out from the overgrown hedges and retreated before I could strike back. On the edge of sanity I conjured as much magical energy as my body would allow and traversed the etheric winds to escape the cursed maze.
Missing Man,6,Easy,150,Jane's husband Jon has been missing for three days now. Find him.,Drunk and sobbing I found Jon copping a beating from some people he owed money to. Seems he's a gambler. I fought off his debtors and took him home.,The man was in debt a large some of money for gambling. I found him taking a beating from a group of thugs. I fought them off but amongst the commotion Jon took off into the night.
Rising Flood Waters,6,Easy,150,Torrential rain up river is causing rising water levels. We need strong men and women to help carry sandbags to the danger areas before shops and homes are damaged.,Our town is resilient and holds strong together. We built a mighty wall to dam the rising water. No buildings or homes were damaged.,Bloody back went out lifting the first sandbag. Luckily the town pulled through in my absence and only a few buildings were damaged.