Bandit Army II,30,Medium,60,An encampment of bandits is gethering strength to the north. Scatter their forces and drive them from our lands,The bandits were divided and sent running in all directions. It will be some time before they can regroup,Our invasive efforts were futile. Souts sounded the horn before we could infiltrate the camp. They continue to prepare for an assault on the city.
Gather Ingredients II,15,Easy,60,Esther the local weed gatherer requests assistance in gathering some uncommon herbs,One cold night in the woods proved fruitful. All necessary herbs were gathered and more. Esther's shelves will be stocked for weeks to come,Perhaps a task more fit someone with greater knowledge of herbal medica. Esther took took to me with a broom when i produced the wrong materials.
Hydras Spotted in Eastern Swamplands,42,Hard,60,A great hydra has been spotted in the eastern swamplands. Townsfolk and livestock continue to fill its belly. Bring back its heads,The beast was felled. For now the villagers are safe though i fear there a more dangerous creatures lurking in that swamp,Rally more men. The creature stands 20 feet tall with razor fangs and wild ferocity. This is no job for a signle man.
Town Fair Bakeoff,15,Easy,60,It's Spring and the town fair is on again. Bring your best dish to the bakeoff. Mrs Butterworth is looking to win her 3rd fair in a row!,With a warriors dicipline and supreme focus I cast Mrs Butterworth aside as though she was nothing. My scones and shortbread biscuits had the townsfolk begging for more,I was no match for Mrs Butterworth. The 3 time back to back to back bakeoff champion was crowned with no regard for my efforts.
Library Seeking Additional Works,42,Hard,60,Share your knowledge and have a scribe pen your expertise at the town library,All i know has been immortalised amongst the works of our library. I hope it is of use to someone..,Perhaps i dont know as much as i thought..
Fell Trees,30,Medium,60,Foul air drifts from the Raven Wood. Help push back the tree line to create seperation from the town.,The trees protest and evil spells drift on the wind. We pushed the tree line back though i'd sooner burn the whole thing down.,There is fould works at play in those woods. The men around me started to go mad. Talking to things that wernt there.. I called a halt to the expedition.
Tournament II,105,Extreme,60,There will be a grand arena tournament held in the capital showcasing the best fighters from all around the continent.,The crowds cheers as i was crowned victor will live with me until my last day. Opponents from every corner of the kindgon fell by my hand.,I gave it my all but was bested in the semi-finals by a women from the desertlands to the south. She weilded a spear and moved like nothing i've ever seen. Gliding and swaying with deadly grace.. I feel no shame in losing to such an opponent.
The Wards Have Failed!,105,Extreme,60,Our protective wards have failed and all manner of evil creatures are starting to breach the town! Defend your people while the mages repair the wards.,Through the night we fought the ghouls, harpies, hounds and fell beasts. We threw them back while the magic users repaired the wards.,Eventually the wards were repaired and the beasts cast off but not without considerable casualties and structures turned to ruin.
Teach the Lord's Daughter,15,Easy,60,Lord Bramble requires a teacher skilled in the art of sword fighting for his daughter.,The little lord learns quickly. With my continued tutelage she'll make a fine swordsman.,Ungrateful little brat.. She protests i train her to hard and so my services are no longer required.
Merfolk are Attacking the Port,105,Extreme,60,Merfolk are attacking the towns only port. Head to the docks and assist in the fighting.,Many ships were lost but not all. The cargo is safe aswell. What could have driven the Merfolk to attack us?,The port is lost and all the ships sunk. A messenger has been sent to the capital.
Goblin Assualt II,30,Medium,60,A large horde of goblins is causing chaos along the main road leading to town. They've set fire every house and tavern to the torch. Do something to stop them.,Large in number though they were.  The goblins don't fight as a group but a happenstantial gathering of individual savages. I gathered the best fighting men in town and together we slaughted the lot of them. Not one was spared the sword.,Goblins don't travel in such numbers..They outnumbered us 10-1. Their brutal savegery cost us multiple men and we were forced into a retreat.
Mercenary Wanted II,42,Hard,60,My name is Brian and im in need of someone to settle a debt. I'm owed 300 gold coins from a fellow  called Tybol. Used to be a gaurd. Now spends most of his time gambling or drinking or whoring. The tavern would be a good place to start your search.,Tybol's got a few bruises and might have a bit of headache tomorrow but i got the gold.,Tybol's not really the usesless drunk described to me... More like a veteran gaurd with a bad attitude. I wasn't able ot retrieve the gold. Send someone else. 
Orc Invasion II,Hard,42,60,A stronghold of orcs has been uncovered around 50 kilometers to the North. Take a group of your best fighters and deal with them.,We came upon them unheard. The orcs were laid to rest before they knew what we happening. Wizards set them ablaze while the archers and swordsmen finished the slaughter.,Magical rune traps alerted the orcs to our approach and gave them time to muster a defense we were unable to break with the small infiltration force we had brought.
Detective I,15,Easy,60,Someone is stealing berries from farmer Todd. Find the culprit and bring them to the town hall.,After staking out the farm i found the thief to be a family of squirrels. Farmer Todd and i decided not to prosecute. Instead he has started leaving a bowl of food out for the hungry fur balls.,Uh yeah i'm not much of a detective it would seem. No idea who the thief is.  
Explore Caves I,15,Easy,60,Explore the cave entrances at the base of the mountain ranges to the west. Check they are safe for further exploration.,Most of the caves look sound for further axploration. I've drawn a map detailing my findings.,The caves are home to dragon-bats. They're fiercly defensive of their home and i was unable to fight my way into caves. Whether they are sounds for further exploration i cannot say.
Haunting of Edris House,30,Medium,60,Childeren and pets have gone missing of late. All seen around the old Edris Manor. Investigate the house.,The spirits of the Edris family haunt the manor. Using holy magic did i finally put them to rest and bury their victims.,The house is haunted. The Edris family never left. The fould magics that now corrupt their spirits are old and powerful and hateful. I'd sooner burn the place down than set a foot inside it again.
Smuggler I,30,Medium,60,There's a penny to be made for smuggling hides in and out of the city., Found myself a boat and crew. Set up an opperation in the city and now my pockets are a little heavier (or a lot). Bugger their taxes! Spread some wealth among the common folk i say. Monies better use round our town.,On our first trip out of the city we were stopped and arrested by some gaurds at the docks. A couple of nights in jail has tempered my smuggling aspirations.
Giant Spiders,15,Easy,60,More and more giant spiders are being spotted in the wooded areas close to town. Cull there numbers to keep the townsfolk safe.,The spider numbers have been drastically reduces. I made certain to take out all of the largest breeding beasts i could see.,Probably should have mentioned im afraid of spiders.. The beasts stand 4ft off the ground with huge venom soaked fangs and stingers. When faced with the first of them i froze and all my warrior training was forgotten. It screeched at the sight of me and i ran.
Dead Lover,30,Medium,60,While exploring a dishelved man approaches and offers gold in return for help to resurrect his dead wife. His name is Dolf and he needs someone to bring him the blood of a demon to complete the ritual.,I travelled to the edge of humanity where the demons roam. There i slit the throat of a horned imp with a whip like tail and a flaming sword. The blood i brought back to Dolf. I watched him complete the ritual and to my astonishment his wife came back. Such a display of joy and love brought a tear to my eye.,I travelled to the land of demons beyond the borders of humanity. As my blade struck a horned berserker demon it shattered to pieces and i was forced to turn back. 
Tree of Life,42,Hard,60,The fruit from the tree of life is said to make one immortal.,After days of riding i found the tree. On my approach pixie like creatures dropped form its braches and started firing bolts of magical energy at me. I dodged and twisted as i sprinted towards the tree. Slashing at a branch on of the fruits fell to my hand. As quickly as i approached i was gone again. The fruit was unlike anything i've ever tasted. So sweet and nourishing. Crisp and soft. Warm and cold. I feel as though im a young man again. Cuts heal in an instant. Whether i am truly immortal i cannot say but what i feel is euphoric.,After days on the trail i found the giant tree. On my approach hoards of screeching pixies fell from its numberless branches. Bolts of etheric energy flying from their hands. I deflected some and twirled away from others but they were too great in number. I have no doubt in my mind that the fruit is what the legend claims.